[Music]
and now a dramatic reading I wish to
become the unquestionable champion
unlike any gentleman who ever had the
pleasure to exist to encapsulate thine
is my true task to discipline thine is
my enterprise
I shall traverse this widened space my
search conducted distantly and
thoroughly educating my portable
atrocities to fathom thine energy that
exists within portable atrocities must
be encapsulated on mass it is thine and
I I am certain that this is my fate
portable atrocities verily thou art my
greatest ally upon a planet that
requires protection portable atrocities
must be encapsulated on mass thine
spirit so steadfast our fearlessness
shall carry ye to safe harbor thou shalt
instruct me and I shall instruct thee
portable atrocities must be encapsulated
on mass must be encapsulated on mass all
trials that arise throughout my journey
will be met with fortitude to fairly
confront foes daily to assert my deserve
at position join me in thy quest as the
instant is fortuitous a greater party
thou shalt not find and in hand we shall
triumph in this conquest for that has
been our true goal all along
portable atrocities must be encapsulated
on mass it is Vine and I I am certain
that this is my fate
portable atrocities verily thou art my
greatest ally upon a planet that
requires protection portable atrocities
must be encapsulated on mass thine
spirit is so steadfast our fearlessness
shall carry ye to safe harbor thou shalt
instruct me and I shall instruct thee
portable atrocities must be encapsulated
on mass must be encapsulated on mass
portable atrocities